---
layout: article
title: "Covid 19"
categories: articles
modified: 2020-10-29T11:20:41-04:00
tags: general covid
comments: false
ads: false
image:
  feature: cv.png
  teaser: cv.png
---

## How has this pandemic affected you personally and professionally?


Personally, I’ve been fortunate enough to remain healthy, but I think most of us have been affected one way or another. Back in March,
our governor restricted visitations at hospitals, senior living facilities and nursing homes. I wept watching the news, hearing the
stories of so many families unable to visit their loved ones. On Mother’s Day, my mom was admitted to the hospital. She tested negative
for Covid, so we were relieved, but still, we were unable to visit her. After a week in the hospital, she was transferred to a rehabilitation facility.
Still, we were unable to visit. We were optimistic that either she would get healthy and go home or that visitation rules would be loosened. Unfortunately, neither happened.
Without Facetime, I would not have been able to see my mom before she passed. I know she must be in a better place now, but I’m still sad that I was unable to hug her one last time.

Professionally, business has slowed given the lack of commercial production for months, but I continue to work, so I feel very fortunate.
When I first started consulting, I had a few potential clients that chose not to hire me because I would be working remotely. Today,
so many people in our industry have been working remotely and I suspect this will continue for months to come.  If nothing else,
Covid has shown that remote working can be successful. I would argue that most of us work longer and harder.
Is it possible that Covid has opened a door to potential new clients?
